docs/source/quickstart.rst, before:

Quickstart
==========

Installation
------------

You can install PHUB from the command line
using pip:

``pip install -U phub``

Or, if you want to get the latest features,
you can install using the project master
branch:

``pip install -U git+https://github.com/Egsagon/PHUB.git``

Initialising a session
----------------------

First thing to do is setting up a client.
A client represents one connection to PH,
but you can use multiple at the same time.
You can also specify a custom language
locale (``en`` by default). This will
affect searching preferences, video titles,
etc.

.. code-block:: python

    import phub

    client = phub.Client(language = 'en')

Fetching a video
----------------

If you want to work with a specific video
you know the URL of, you can initialise it
like so:

.. code-block:: python

    import phub

    client = phub.Client()

    url = 'https://www.pornhub.com/view_video.php?viewkey=xxx'
    video = client.get(url)
    # video will be a phub.Video object

    # Note - You can also load the video 
    # using its `viewkey` https argument
    # if you think that improves clarity.
    video = client.get(key = 'xxx')

Accessing video data
--------------------

By default, video data will be pre-scrapped
when you call :meth:`.Client.get`.
You can turn that off by specifying
``preload`` to ``False``.


.. code-block:: python

    >>> import phub
    >>> client = phub.Client()
    >>> video = client.get(key = 'xxx')

    >>> video.title
    'Minecraft speedrunner vs 5 hunter'

    >>> video.like.up
    4500000000

    >>> video.author
    phub.Author(name = 'Dream')

At any time you can reload that data by calling
:meth:`.Client.refresh` (useful for long-term usage).

Downloading a video
-------------------

A video can be downloaded via its :meth:`.Video.download`
method.

.. code-block:: python

    import phub
    from phub import Quality

    video = ...

    video.download(path = 'my-video.mp4',
                   quality = Quality.BEST)

* The ``path`` of the video can be a file or a directory, in
which case the title of the video will be taken as a filename.

For advanced downloading, see `downloading`_

.. _downloading: about:blank

Commit message:

bunch of fixes > fixed not logged in account errors, added video cache system to queries, added refresh feature to account objects, added debug docs, setup account loggin checks, changed Video._lazy to Video._fetch to allow verification of data existence and refresh data if the video was initiated by a video object, changed the way client account initialisation behaves (when credentials are passed in, account will automatically connect unless autologin is False)

docs/source/quickstart.rst, after:

Quickstart
==========

Installation
------------

You can install PHUB from the command line
using pip:

``pip install -U phub``

Or, if you want to get the latest features,
you can install using the project master
branch:

``pip install -U git+https://github.com/Egsagon/PHUB.git``

Initialising a session
----------------------

First thing to do is setting up a client.
A client represents one connection to PH,
but you can use multiple at the same time.
You can also specify a custom language
locale (``en`` by default). This will
affect searching preferences, video titles,
etc.

.. code-block:: python

    import phub

    client = phub.Client(language = 'en')

Fetching a video
----------------

If you want to work with a specific video
you know the URL of, you can initialise it
like so:

.. code-block:: python

    import phub

    client = phub.Client()

    url = 'https://www.pornhub.com/view_video.php?viewkey=xxx'
    video = client.get(url)
    # video will be a phub.Video object

    # Note - You can also load the video 
    # using its `viewkey` https argument
    # if you think that improves clarity.
    video = client.get(key = 'xxx')

Accessing video data
--------------------

By default, video data will be pre-scrapped
when you call :meth:`.Client.get`.
You can turn that off by specifying
``preload`` to ``False``.


.. code-block:: python

    >>> import phub
    >>> client = phub.Client()
    >>> video = client.get(key = 'xxx')

    >>> video.title
    'Minecraft speedrunner vs 5 hunter'

    >>> video.like.up
    4500000000

    >>> video.author
    phub.Author(name = 'Dream')

At any time you can reload that data by calling
:meth:`.Client.refresh` (useful for long-term usage).

Downloading a video
-------------------

A video can be downloaded via its :meth:`.Video.download`
method.

.. code-block:: python

    import phub
    from phub import Quality

    video = ...

    video.download(path = 'my-video.mp4',
                   quality = Quality.BEST)

* The ``path`` of the video can be a file or a directory, in
which case the title of the video will be taken as a filename.

For advanced downloading, see `downloading`_

Debugging
---------

At any time, you can use built-in debugging to see what's wrong with
your code or the API.

.. code-block:: python

    import phub

    # Start debug
    phub.debug(True)

    client = phub.Client()
    ...

.. _downloading: about:blank
